[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 animated fiction drama
film Isle of Dogs
so let's get started 20 years into the
future an outbreak of canine influenza
spreads throughout the city of Nagasaki
with a risk of crossing to humans
the mayor banishes all dogs to trash
island the first dog exiled is spots who
served as a bodyguard to 12 year old
Atari Kobayashi the orphan nephew of the
mayor it is all revealed to be a
completion of an ancient attempt to
remove all dogs from Japan six months
later Atari hijacks a plane to search
for spots he is rescued by a pack of
dogs led by chief the pack decides
except for chief to help Atari locate
spots they defend off a team Kobayashi
sent to retrieve Atari Kobayashi claims
Atari was kidnapped by the dogs and vows
to kill them as a punishment after
meeting a female dog nutmeg chief
decides to help meanwhile a cure was
found by a professor that he's killed by
poison American exchange student
Tracy Walker suspects a conspiracy chief
and Atari are separated from the others
Atari gives chief a bath which reveals
similarities between chief and spots and
Atari concludes they must be the same
extremely rare breed they rejoin the
group but are ambushed by Kobayashi's
men spot's arrives at the last second
and the assailants are fended off
Kobayashi announces Atari to be dead
spots confirms that chief is his brother
and that he is expecting a letter with
peppermint he asked for chief to protect
Atari Atari and the dog's journey to the
mainland to prevent all dogs from being
terminated
Tracy suspicions of a conspiracy are
confirmed and she has given the last
remaining vial of the cure she presents
her evidence of the mayor's corruption
but has ordered for immediate
deportation the dogs in Atari arrived
and confirmed the Cure works Atari
presents a haiku and Kobayashi has a
change of heart however a fight ensues
an execute button is pressed but the
poison backfires on the captors thanks
to the help of a hacker from Tracy's
High School during the fight Atari and
spots are gravely injured Ataris kidney
fail
but Kobayashi donates one of his own
Atari becomes mayor of Mecca sake and he
decrees all dogs reintegration into
society Tracy and Atari become a couple
and chief reunites with nutmeg spots who
has been presumed dead recovers and
secretly raises his litter with
peppermint in the basement of the
Kobayashi Manor
so that was a spoiler for I love dogs if
you have a film you'd like to see a
spoil let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching